README.md, before:

## Description

Minified guided learning solution (GLS). GLS is a solution that enables step by step guidance on top of any web interface

GLS is chrome extension which can run on google.com / google.co.in and help to guide.


## Installation

1. Open chrome://extensions/  in Chrome browser
2. Enable developer mode
3. Click on Load unpacked button
4. Select project folder and hit open/select button
5. Here we go !! GLS installation is done.

Sample images for installation

Step #1
![alt text](https://firebasestorage.googleapis.com/v0/b/mlv-cakes-and-pizzas.appspot.com/o/sample%2Fstep1.png?alt=media&token=1ae7c0dd-52df-4453-8fc0-8ef7346c3955)

Step #2
![alt text](https://firebasestorage.googleapis.com/v0/b/mlv-cakes-and-pizzas.appspot.com/o/sample%2Fstep2.png?alt=media&token=06c106cb-29a5-4573-aa7a-edb5795e2848)

Step #3
![alt text](https://firebasestorage.googleapis.com/v0/b/mlv-cakes-and-pizzas.appspot.com/o/sample%2Fstep3.png?alt=media&token=5fb19425-3bb5-4139-80ae-8300d656b6ab)

Step #4
![alt text](https://firebasestorage.googleapis.com/v0/b/mlv-cakes-and-pizzas.appspot.com/o/sample%2Fstep4.png?alt=media&token=829918be-0f99-4205-b390-fa1de715630f)

Step #5
![alt text](https://firebasestorage.googleapis.com/v0/b/mlv-cakes-and-pizzas.appspot.com/o/sample%2Fstep5.png?alt=media&token=07724ebf-f112-4513-884c-986eee9e0727)

## Running the app

Assuning GLS chrome installation is already done.

#### Test #1
- Hit www.google.com in chrome browser.
- You will see "Welcome to Google" tip on the google home page".
- You can see Step counter as well as Next Button.
- Hit Next Button.

![alt text](https://firebasestorage.googleapis.com/v0/b/mlv-cakes-and-pizzas.appspot.com/o/sample%2Ftest_cases%2Ftest1.png?alt=media&token=5dc060d1-02f8-4948-897b-f33534d80baa)

Commit message:

added Test no 2 in readme

README.md, after:

## Description

Minified guided learning solution (GLS). GLS is a solution that enables step by step guidance on top of any web interface

GLS is chrome extension which can run on google.com / google.co.in and help to guide.


## Installation

1. Open chrome://extensions/  in Chrome browser
2. Enable developer mode
3. Click on Load unpacked button
4. Select project folder and hit open/select button
5. Here we go !! GLS installation is done.

Sample images for installation

Step #1
![alt text](https://firebasestorage.googleapis.com/v0/b/mlv-cakes-and-pizzas.appspot.com/o/sample%2Fstep1.png?alt=media&token=1ae7c0dd-52df-4453-8fc0-8ef7346c3955)

Step #2
![alt text](https://firebasestorage.googleapis.com/v0/b/mlv-cakes-and-pizzas.appspot.com/o/sample%2Fstep2.png?alt=media&token=06c106cb-29a5-4573-aa7a-edb5795e2848)

Step #3
![alt text](https://firebasestorage.googleapis.com/v0/b/mlv-cakes-and-pizzas.appspot.com/o/sample%2Fstep3.png?alt=media&token=5fb19425-3bb5-4139-80ae-8300d656b6ab)

Step #4
![alt text](https://firebasestorage.googleapis.com/v0/b/mlv-cakes-and-pizzas.appspot.com/o/sample%2Fstep4.png?alt=media&token=829918be-0f99-4205-b390-fa1de715630f)

Step #5
![alt text](https://firebasestorage.googleapis.com/v0/b/mlv-cakes-and-pizzas.appspot.com/o/sample%2Fstep5.png?alt=media&token=07724ebf-f112-4513-884c-986eee9e0727)

## Running the app

Assuning GLS chrome installation is already done.

#### Test #1
- Hit www.google.com in chrome browser.
- You will see "Welcome to Google" tip on the google home page".
- You can see step counter as well as Next Button.
- Click Next Button.

![alt text](https://firebasestorage.googleapis.com/v0/b/mlv-cakes-and-pizzas.appspot.com/o/sample%2Ftest_cases%2Ftest1.png?alt=media&token=5dc060d1-02f8-4948-897b-f33534d80baa)

#### Test #2
- After Test #1 you will see "Click Images to go to imagessection" tip on top right corner of google home page.
- You can see step counter as well as Next Button.
- Click Next button

![alt text](https://firebasestorage.googleapis.com/v0/b/mlv-cakes-and-pizzas.appspot.com/o/sample%2Ftest_cases%2Ftest2.png?alt=media&token=5efec499-d864-49f8-bcd7-31bdec4019c1)
